[Autogenerated] All right,
let's dive into elastic search now the Amazon Elasticsearch services,
a hosted application that runs Elastic Search and
manages the backend servers for that.
So I'm going to create a new domain here,
and you create a domain Perl elasticsearch deployment.
So it's important to remember that now Elastic search,
before we get any deeper, has a primary use case.
And it's very popular for real time or near real time logging,
searching, data reporting and data visualization.
And we'll see what I mean here in a minute.
So I'm gonna choose our deployment type.
You can see that there's one ese you can do multi.
There's custom or ultra warm preview, so I'm gonna choose.
Production will choose the latest version, but there are several to choose from.
I give my domain a name, so you probably guessed it.
Let's go with Pluralsight and then we choose our data nodes availability zones.
So the data nodes are what are actually performing any data analytics
and compute heavy tasks that are cluster needs.
So these are what require the most amount of resource is,
so I'll go and leave this as the default well due to a zis for this,
I'll go to two instances,
but you can see when we have to Aziz yet to choose in multiples of two.
And if I go back, you're going to see that we need to do at least three.
Or at least it's recommended.
So I'll do to a CSS.
We choose our data nodes storage.
So what type of storage do you want?
The volume type and then the size per node.
Now there are several calculations you can use to estimate their
required storage size that you need per note.
And that's in the AWS documentation.
So feel free to check that out if you need to.
You can see our total cluster sizes, 20 gigabytes,
and then we move on to our dedicated and master note.
So the master node,
similar to this diagram here is allowing us to
essentially manage all of the data nodes.
It kind of directs traffic, and the different resource is depending on the load.
So what it does is it keeps track of what's going on on our data notes.
You can see the recommended and default is three,
so we'll leave that and I'll use the same instance type as before
and they're gonna be dedicated master notes.
And what this means is that they're only going to perform master node duties,
so I'll leave that enabled.
We'll go ahead and leave the automated snapshot at zero.
And then we have some optional setting so we can allow APIs for API calls.
We can set some cache allocation and some claws counts.
I'm gonna leave those blank and this brings us to our networking.
Now our network config we can have it publicly
accessible or we can have a vpc access, so we lock it down to a VPC.
Now, a majority of the time,
you're gonna probably want to spin this up within a vpc.
And when you do that,
you configure the typical resource is your VPC your sub nets
your security group and then I am role,
which is not really related to networking,
but they include it.
So for this demo, which I do not recommend that you do for any of your work,
I'm going to do public.
But it's important to know that if you need to,
you can restrict this to VPC and then you restrict access via
VPC policies that go into place on the domain.
We move to fine grained access control so we can enable it or disable it.
And then, if it's enabled, you set and aren't as the master username.
What this allows us to do is it allows us to use an I
am account as the master username.
I'm going to click on no we can enable cognito authentication.
So if we have some type of mobile application that needs
to connect to our cabana instance,
which will look at we can do that here and you select your
region your pools and then your role names I'll leave That
undone will move to access policy.
So this is where you control who can access your elasticsearch service domain.
So we can define a custom one or they provide templates that you can use.
So if I do allow open access,
you'll see that we get a warning that I need to enable fine grained
access control or apply restrictive access policy.
So if I select custom and we leave this,
the default were allowing all I am users and rolls
access and this brings us to encryption.
So if we want to we can encrypt our data and it's both at rest and in transit,
both from client to the domain and between nodes within the domain itself.
Now it's very important to realize that when you do this,
there's no option of swapping it back and forth.
You have to rebuild your entire domain in cluster
in order to change the setting.
So be sure you get this right the first time we
choose a key that we want to use.
If we're gonna enable encryption, I'm not going to do that.
I'll click on next, and it's just warning us still about this error.
So let me go ahead and do this,
and I'm actually going to create a master user and I'll just give it a W s user.
I'll give it a simple password, and then I'm going to go down to next.
So we get a review of what we want.
So we have our three instances error three nodes for our master instances.
We have our data notes,
and there's two of those and one last thing really quickly.
Before we deploy this,
it's good to know that you can either scale vertically by
changing the instance type or you can scale horizontally by
changing the number of notes.
That's an important configuration option that you should be aware of.
So I'm gonna scroll down to confirm and create.
I'll click on Confirmed and there we go.
So now it's loading our domain and this can take about 10
minutes and you can see they warn you up here.
Now, this is gonna take a while to load up to 10 minutes, which you can see.
And while it's loading,
let me just go ahead and go over some use cases for elastic search
now is far as exam goes if you get something asking about
analyzying and visualizing real time data,
Elasticsearch is probably part of that answer.
It's really well known for its data visualization in real
time search capabilities that it provides.
And one of the use cases that you might run into is if I go to CloudWatch,
I'll go to one of my log groups.
So let's just say my CloudWatch event lambda that I have created.
If I select that,
I can actually put a subscription filter into place
so you can see we have lambda, which we're not talking about.
But then you can also see that we can S3 Mara logging to Amazon.
Elastic search so we would choose our cluster.
Either in this account or another account we would click on next,
which we can't do because it's not active yet.
But what this allows us to do is stream CloudWatch law group
data in logs in near real time to our elastic search cluster and
domain that we're standing up now.
That's a very popular exam scenario from a W s.
So if you get a question talking about how you can ingest
CloudWatch law groups into some type of analytics application that
allows for a visual ization and searching,
always remember that ELASTICSEARCH fits that use case perfectly.
So what I'll do is I'll go ahead and pause.
The clip will pick up when this is available,
and then I'll just show you the cabana console really quickly.
Okay, so our domain is now active, and that took about,
I would say, 10 to 12 minutes.
So it does take about exactly how long they say it will take to create.
You'll see that it gives us an endpoint.
Now, this is the endpoint for elastic search,
the elasticsearch cluster and domain that we just created.
So this is where you would populate data via and API call
and some type of put so you can visualize it in Cabana in
Cabana uses the same endpoint, but you see,
it has a plug in at the end.
So if I load this, it brings us to our Kanban a dashboard and Kanban.
A is the data visualization piece of the stack that elasticsearch offers,
so I'll go and log in with that user that I made,
and that brings us to our let's get started screen.
So I'm gonna go ahead and try some sample data just so we can.
See what this looks like?
Let's just do some web logs because that's more in line with the exam itself.
So all AD DS SATA.
And while this is adding,
you could see at the top that it does logging metrics and seem,
which is security information and events management.
So if your security related,
you might want to use seem data and in elastic search cluster.
So we have our data.
I'm going to view it and you can see it brings us to a dashboard.
So this is what makes the stack itself awesome to use we're able to create
these awesome visualizations with real time searching and analytics with data
that's being populated into our elasticsearch cluster.
So what you could do is if you configure CloudWatch to push to Elasticsearch,
you can configure this dashboard based upon different indices on how you
want to show that data so you can see they count visitors.
There's OS count,
and this is just some of the data that they allow us to visualize.
This is a very powerful platform,
and it's really growing in popularity around the
world in enterprise applications.
Now that's going to do it for this section on elastic search services.
Some of the key points to keep in mind.
Our that elastic search allows us to ingest near real time
data from sources like logs and applications.
So we can build visualizations around that data in real time.
Let's go ahead and wrap up,
and then we're going to move on to the final subject in this module, which deals with Quicksight